dell_optiplex: add CE status explaination (#271)
Dasharo/docs: docs/variants/dell_optiplex/overview.md

-->

> Dasharo for Dell Optiplex is a community-driven effort. We work on this in our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dasharo compatible with Dell OptiPlex 7010/9010 is a community-driven effort. We work on this in our
```
